I used to have this really smart, outlook prayer. I said, God, deliver me from pain. And then he took my mom. So it's hard to hurt that much ever again. I didn't know we were going to lose her. You know, I just, um, and she told me, she said, you know, thank you for the times where we came to performances. And this is like really meant a lot to me. My mom saved my life. My dad wanted to abort me. There would have been no Kanye West. I use the world as my therapist. Anyone I talk to is my therapist. I will pull them into the conversation of what I'm feeling at that point and get their perspective. Anybody that I'm around, and I put that as advice to people, it's like use people around you as your therapist. Just the fact that I'm willing to fail is an inspiration. People are so scared to lose that they don't even try. You look at a Birkin bag, the way it's made, the more scratches on it, the more value it has. Those pieces of the story have created who I am today. It's crazy that we live in a world that if you're super positive and super creative, that it's scary. So what does that tell you about the mentality of most people? My mother made me believe in myself. No matter how many people tell me, stop believing in yourself. Stop saying what you can do. Stop affirming what you're going to do and then completing that in real life. That's the improper way to do it. I refuse to follow those rules that society has set up in the way that they control people with low self-esteem, with improper information, with branding, with marketing. I refuse to follow those rules. It's about truth. It's about information. It's about awesomeness. And the only luxury is time. The time you spend with your family. That's the only luxury. I just tell the truth. And telling the truth is crazy in a world full of lies. Every time I say something that's extremely truthful out loud, it literally breaks the internet. So what are we getting all of the rest of the time? Every single company you could imagine It's just like no you are celebrity. You are not allowed to create you're not allowed to think you're not allowed to have an opinion You're just here to wear a red leather jacket and shut up bravery is more important than perfection Feeling is more important than thought they put so much thought into it What's gonna happen if we were ever to be together again? What would our name be Kim? Yeah, would you like that? They told me I was bipolar It destroyed my confidence. It made me this shell of who I really am. It grayed over my eyes. If you hang around people who act like you are who you are, then you'll forget who you are. If every time someone asks you a question, you try to say the right answer, your entire life is a test. And when did you have the most anxiety in grammar school and high school? No question. On test day. So your entire life become this test. I ain't trying to say the right answer. I am just doing it. What I feel, my mama said trying is failing. There is no ifs, woulds, coulds, shoulds. It just is and we just are. I appreciate everything and I know you're really proud of me right now. And I know you wouldn't want me to stop and you want me to be the number one artist in the world. And mama, all I'm gonna do is keep making you proud. We run this. I don't want to say crazy because I also want to change the stigma of crazy. to change the stigma of mental health period. And let's believe I'm gonna take stigma off the word crazy. But let's just say for now, people will take something that's enlightened, put it in a different context, and then call it crazy to try to diminish the impact and the value of what I'm actually saying. This is God humbling me right now because there's two things that are happening. A lot of times when I would say, oh, I'm the richest black man, it would be a defense that I would use For the mental health conversation to say oh you guys say I'm crazy, but look at this I made money But that is not God like to be showing off So if it's not God like then God will take that because it's all it's all the church's money when people say is J crazy is J a Narcissistic is J a egomaniac is J Self-absorbed of J all these know J know who J is I know who I am I'm not fit to bow to idea that you want to have me. When I had my accident, I found out at that moment nothing in life is promised except death. If you had the opportunity to play this game of life, you need to appreciate every moment. A lot of people don't appreciate their moment until it's passed. Everybody wants to know what I would do if I didn't win. I guess we'll never know. And I questioned the death of George Floyd. It hurt my people. It hurt the black people. So I want to apologize. turn them because right now God has shown me by what Adidas is doing and by what By what the media is doing. I know how it feels to have a knee on my neck now Bankruptcy I was in debt The fear of loss I lost my mom or the fear of death, you know, what are the fears? Are there there's a lot of fears But the thing is when you remove like even in the schools you remove prayer you remove God you remove the fear of God you create the possibility of the fear of everything else. But watch this, if you instill the fear of God, you eliminate the fear of anything else. Before we can put all the trees and add the beauty, you gotta break some things. If you keep on getting just the beauty, just the perfect thing, just the Obama walk through the hallway, he don't even touch the floor, he's just floating. Give her a handshake and all that. You get all of these images. This is what it is. This is what I wanted to talk about. The idea of black perfection. Like a black person can't be imperfect in the public eye. That's a form of control. I'm here to show you imperfection. The beauty is in the imperfection. Thank you God for humbling me and letting me know how it really felt because how could the richest black man ever be humbled other than to be made to not be a billionaire in front of everyone off of one comment that actually if you look at the definition of DEF CON it means to get extra defense which obviously I must have needed. to worry about, you know, humiliation, you know, cause this comes, this is where Smart Alec Reyes can get you. that diagnosed me of having a disorder that would have had me on medication right now. We know I can't say that. It was a doctor.