What makes you such a good fighter? I don't know. I'm just curious about it. I'm curious about it. It's never... I mean, it's in my head 24-7. There's nothing else I can think of. I don't think about nothing else. That's it. I'm just curious. Curiously fascinated, really. And I can't stop thinking about it. Everything I do in my life is related to this. I don't do nothing else if it's not got to do with the fight, you know what I mean? And that is why, you know what I mean? To be true to that. All you've got to do is show up. Is that not unhealthy? I don't know. Do I look unhealthy? Take a look at this physique. I'm in phenomenal shape, in body and mind. To me, what's unhealthy is living an unhealthy life. To me, what's unhealthy is getting up and going through the same day every day, like 9 to 5 in an office or anything. That's unhealthy. That beats your mind. I don't work. I love what I do. And that's why I'm doing what I love. That's why it's become a career for me, because I love it. I love what I do. I don't think it's unhealthy. I feel good in my mind. I mean, it's my life. How do you do that? If you can see it here, and you have the courage enough to speak it, it will happen. I see these shots, I see these sequences, and I don't shy away from them. A lot of times people believe in certain things, but they keep to themselves. They don't put it out there. You truly believe in it, come vocal with it. creating that law of attraction and it will become reality. I knew he would overextend. I knew I'd catch him. Mystic Max strikes again. I can be a product of my environment. If I'm in with the wrong crowd, I just kind of... That's why I like to be isolated. That's why this has helped me coming out here and being locked in an apartment on my own. From rehab to home. No outsiders. It was isolation. It was visualization. It was motivation and it was dedication. There's nothing else going on in my life, you know what I mean? It needs to be like that. It needs to be no outsiders. You need to have your team and your focus and that's it. I don't need friends that aren't involved in this game or that aren't on the same path, you know what I mean? If you have a clear picture in your head of something that's gonna happen and a clear belief in that it will happen no matter what, then nothing can stop it. It is destined to happen and that's what happens. I had to envision it, because if I didn't, I wouldn't be here. So not only did I envision it, I envisioned it so much, so clearly and so precisely in my head, that I'm here now. So I envisioned it. I visualized, I'm just sitting here on the steering wheel visualizing a brand new car, visualizing good things in times of struggle. If you can do that, I think that really makes that law of attraction work. I think it really attracts team more. That is harder to do when you're in the struggle to visualize these things. Gratitude is one of the most strongest in attracting. I always felt grateful because I always used to celebrate the small things and before I had any kind of money.